# cs360_inventoryApp_FINAL
- Briefly summarize the requirements and goals of the app you developed. What user needs was this app designed to address?\
The original goal was to create a task tracking application, not unlike a to-do list. However, It was changed to be an inventory management application instead. The reason for this was personally I thought it would be better suited on my GitHub and on a resume. The whole goal is to allow users to manage an inventory of items by quanity and prices and be notified via SMS when any items are running low in stock.\
- What screens and features were necessary to support user needs and produce a user-centered UI for the app? How did your UI designs keep users in mind? Why were your designs successful?
Firstly, a login page was needed so that users can register and login to the application. Once a user has logged in, they will be greeting by the main inventory page which will display all of their items, their quantities, and their prices accordingly. A third page was added for users to manage item catagories, but in hindsight I feel it was not really necessary to add. The designs were successful in my opinion because of the streamlined approach which allowed for users to seamlessly navigate and utilize the app.
- How did you approach the process of coding your app? What techniques or strategies did you use? How could those be applied in the future?
Like anything that I have learned in my CS program, everything was truly trial and error. If something was not working correctly in the code, I would change like one chunk and rebuild until it worked. This same prinicple goes for the UI design. StackOverflow, Reddit, and Android dev forums were a godsend. I feel like applying these same strategies in the future will allow me to create meaningful and functional applications no matter where I land in the professional world.
- How did you test to ensure your code was functional? Why is this process important and what did it reveal?
Unfortunately, many examples that I used for my project were built in previous Android Studio APIs, so I had no luck building at the current version (33). I could only successfully build from versions 22 to 30. It became very confusing when trying to "build into" version 33, because I had to change too many things that I just didn't really know where to begin. That is definitely a topic that I will read more into on my own time.
- Considering the full app design and development process, from initial planning to finalization, where did you have to innovate to overcome a challenge?
A simple but amazing innovation I made was severing the idea of having a seperate registration page for user to register their accounts. I suppose that it is a byproduct of how many popular applications that I use on a daily basis have that feature. I was trying for a very long time to manage how it would be done in my app, but once I kept both the login and registration on the same page, I saved a bunch of time and for this app it works flawlessly.
- In what specific component from your mobile app were you particularly successful in demonstrating your knowledge, skills, and experience?
I think the whole application itself was some of the best work I have done so far. I really tried my best to make the code reusable and concise, in a way that anyone could understand if they were to read over it. There were many frustrating moments, and some have yet to be overcome, but I feel like the knowledge that I have learned from this class will prove itself to be valuable as I enter the last three terms of my college pursuit.

Thank you Professor Maciosek! You are awesome!
